Adds code of conduct (#14)
datalad/distribits-2024-website: content/code-of-conduct.md

  without their explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation
decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when
an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.
Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at

> [INSERT CONTACT METHOD].

Author: this needs to be replaced with an email address that is still tbd

> reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at
> [INSERT CONTACT METHOD].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at
conduct@distribits.live.
```

or

```suggestion
reported to the organizers@distribits.live.
```
following the perspective email address in https://github.com/datalad/distribits-2024/pull/14 . I would for now go for the latter.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to have a transparent point of contact, not an email address that could be read by potentially many people who are not named. This makes it also easier to approach a point of contact in person. IIRC @jsheunis kindly volunteered to take over this task

Author: ```suggestion
reported to Stephan Heunis, the community member responsible for enforcement, at
[INSERT CONTACT METHOD].
```

should we use my email address, a dedicated email address, or something else?

Reviewer 2: what would you be most comfortable with?

Author: I'd rather it went to some event-specific address, also useful for longevity. IIUC, @mih created the listserv address, but that isn't necessarily useful here?

Reviewer 2: I *think* it would go to a bunch of people or who ever maintains the list. But I looked up email aliases, and the FZJ IT Services allow you to apply for an email alias. So you could have an email alias like "stephan-distribits@fz-juelich.de" and emails send to this address would land in your work in box. Would that work?
